h1. Welcome To RightRails

RightRails is a RubyOnRails plugin for RightJS javascript framework.

It works as a drop in replacement for all the Prototype/Scriptaculous
methods, plus it brings some more sweets and routine ajax operations
helpers.


h2. Features


* Lightning fast RightJS library
* Transparent Prototype/Scriptaculous helpers replacement
* More powerful and flexible new JavaScript generator for RJS
* Conventional JavaScript interface for the most common AJAX operations
* Better controller level access to the rjs generator
* New ajax-friendly scaffold generator
* Remote files uploading organization
* Automatic RightJS modules inclusion handling (including i18n modules)
* Additional FormBuilder methods for calendar and autocomplete fields
* Underscored and ruby-like aliases for RightJS core methods


h2. Documentation

See the wiki-pages for the documentation

<a href="http://wiki.github.com/MadRabbit/right-rails">http://wiki.github.com/MadRabbit/right-rails</a>

See also the demo application for examples

<a herf="http://github.com/MadRabbit/right-rails-demo">http://github.com/MadRabbit/right-rails-demo</a>


h3. Usage

Install the plugin to your rails application

<pre>script/plugin install git://github.com/MadRabbit/right-rails.git</pre>

After that run the @right_rails@ generator, which will put all the JavaScripts in place

<pre>script/generate right_rails</pre>

And add the following helper to your application layout, this will include all the necessary scripts on your page

<pre><%= rightjs_scripts %></pre>

You also will have an ajax-friendly scaffold generator

<pre>script/generate right_scaffold Zing</pre>

h4. Ruby Gem

Ruby gem version is now also available.

<pre><code>gem install right-rails</code></pre>

Add the gem into your @config/environment.rb@ file

<pre><code>Rails::Initializer.run do |config|
  config.gem 'right-rails'
end</code></pre>




Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Nikolay V. Nemshilov, released under the MIT license
